Update changelog and documentation for v0.8.5 (#3882)
earthly/earthly: docs/earthfile/earthfile.md

For more information see the [multi-platform guide](../guides/multi-platform.md).

#### `--allow-privileged` (experimental)

{% hint style='info' %}
##### Note
The `--allow-privileged` flag has experimental status. To use this feature, it must be enabled via `VERSION --allow-privileged-from-dockerfile 0.8`.
{% endhint %}

> When the Dockerfile build context points to an earthly artifact reference (e.g. `+mybuildcontext/mydata/*`), the `allow-privileged` flag will allow `RUN` commands under the referenced earthly target to make use of the `RUN --privileged` option.

Reviewer: Can we also add a cautionary note:

> this does not apply to the Dockerfile' RUN --securtiy option (and have a link to https://docs.docker.com/reference/dockerfile/#run---security )

> When the Dockerfile build context points to an earthly artifact reference (e.g. +some-other-build-context/*), the `allow-privileged` flag will allow `RUN` commands under the referenced earthly target to make use of the `RUN --privileged` option.

Reviewer: it's probably better to use the same example target that we use in our hint that appears above.
```suggestion
When the Dockerfile build context points to an earthly artifact reference (e.g. `+mybuildcontext/mydata/*`), the `allow-privileged` flag will allow `RUN` commands under the referenced earthly target to make use of the `RUN --privileged` option.
```
